terminals
_epsilon
_a
_b
_c
terminals_end
non_terminals
S
A
C
D
E
non_terminals_end
grammar_rules
S -> A D & E C
A -> _a A
A -> _epsilon
C -> _c C
C -> _epsilon
D -> _b D _c
D -> _epsilon
E -> _a E _b
E -> _epsilon
grammar_rules_end
LR_table
state: 0
shift _a 1
goto S 14
goto A 2
goto E 3
reduction _epsilon A -> _epsilon
reduction _epsilon E -> _epsilon
reduction _b A -> _epsilon
reduction _b E -> _epsilon
reduction _c E -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 1
shift _a 1
goto A 4
goto E 5
reduction _epsilon A -> _epsilon
reduction _epsilon E -> _epsilon
reduction _b A -> _epsilon
reduction _b E -> _epsilon
reduction _c E -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 2
shift _b 6
goto D 7
reduction _epsilon D -> _epsilon
reduction _c D -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 3
shift _c 8
goto C 9
reduction _epsilon C -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 4
reduction _epsilon A -> _a A
reduction _b A -> _a A
state_end
state: 5
shift _b 10
state_end
state: 6
shift _b 6
goto D 11
reduction _epsilon D -> _epsilon
reduction _c D -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 7
reduction _epsilon S -> A D
state_end
state: 8
shift _c 8
goto C 12
reduction _epsilon C -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 9
reduction _epsilon S -> E C
state_end
state: 10
reduction _epsilon E -> _a E _b
reduction _b E -> _a E _b
reduction _c E -> _a E _b
state_end
state: 11
shift _c 13
state_end
state: 12
reduction _epsilon C -> _c C
state_end
state: 13
reduction _epsilon D -> _b D _c
reduction _c D -> _b D _c
state_end
state: 14
state_end
LR_table_end
