terminals
_epsilon
_a
_b
terminals_end
non_terminals
S
A
B
E
X
non_terminals_end
grammar_rules
S -> E & ~A B & ~B A
A -> X A X
A -> _a
B -> X B X
B -> _b
E -> E X X
E -> _epsilon
X -> _a
X -> _b
grammar_rules_end
LR_table
state: 0
shift _a 1
shift _b 2
goto S 19
goto A 3
goto B 4
goto E 5
goto X 6
reduction _epsilon E -> _epsilon
reduction _a E -> _epsilon
reduction _b E -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 1
reduction _epsilon A -> _a
reduction _epsilon X -> _a
reduction _a A -> _a
reduction _a X -> _a
reduction _b A -> _a
reduction _b X -> _a
state_end
state: 2
reduction _epsilon B -> _b
reduction _epsilon X -> _b
reduction _a B -> _b
reduction _a X -> _b
reduction _b B -> _b
reduction _b X -> _b
state_end
state: 3
shift _a 7
shift _b 2
goto B 8
goto X 9
state_end
state: 4
shift _a 1
shift _b 10
goto A 11
goto X 12
state_end
state: 5
shift _a 7
shift _b 10
goto X 13
reduction _epsilon S -> E
state_end
state: 6
shift _a 1
shift _b 2
goto A 14
goto B 15
goto X 6
state_end
state: 7
reduction _epsilon X -> _a
reduction _a X -> _a
reduction _b X -> _a
state_end
state: 8
reduction _epsilon S -> A B
state_end
state: 9
shift _a 7
shift _b 2
goto B 15
goto X 9
state_end
state: 10
reduction _epsilon X -> _b
reduction _a X -> _b
reduction _b X -> _b
state_end
state: 11
reduction _epsilon S -> B A
state_end
state: 12
shift _a 1
shift _b 10
goto A 14
goto X 12
state_end
state: 13
shift _a 7
shift _b 10
goto X 16
state_end
state: 14
shift _a 7
shift _b 10
goto X 17
state_end
state: 15
shift _a 7
shift _b 10
goto X 18
state_end
state: 16
reduction _epsilon E -> E X X
reduction _a E -> E X X
reduction _b E -> E X X
state_end
state: 17
reduction _epsilon A -> X A X
reduction _a A -> X A X
reduction _b A -> X A X
state_end
state: 18
reduction _epsilon B -> X B X
reduction _a B -> X B X
reduction _b B -> X B X
state_end
state: 19
state_end
LR_table_end
