terminals
_epsilon
_a
_b
_c
terminals_end
non_terminals
S
A
B
C
D
non_terminals_end
grammar_rules
S -> A B & ~D C
A -> _a A
A -> _epsilon
B -> _b B _c
B -> _epsilon
C -> _c C
C -> _epsilon
D -> _a D _b
D -> _epsilon
grammar_rules_end
LR_table
state: 0
shift _a 1
goto S 14
goto A 2
goto D 3
reduction _epsilon A -> _epsilon
reduction _epsilon D -> _epsilon
reduction _b A -> _epsilon
reduction _b D -> _epsilon
reduction _c D -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 1
shift _a 1
goto A 4
goto D 5
reduction _epsilon A -> _epsilon
reduction _epsilon D -> _epsilon
reduction _b A -> _epsilon
reduction _b D -> _epsilon
reduction _c D -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 2
shift _b 6
goto B 7
reduction _epsilon B -> _epsilon
reduction _c B -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 3
shift _c 8
goto C 9
reduction _epsilon C -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 4
reduction _epsilon A -> _a A
reduction _b A -> _a A
state_end
state: 5
shift _b 10
state_end
state: 6
shift _b 6
goto B 11
reduction _epsilon B -> _epsilon
reduction _c B -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 7
reduction _epsilon S -> A B
state_end
state: 8
shift _c 8
goto C 12
reduction _epsilon C -> _epsilon
state_end
state: 9
reduction _epsilon S -> D C
state_end
state: 10
reduction _epsilon D -> _a D _b
reduction _b D -> _a D _b
reduction _c D -> _a D _b
state_end
state: 11
shift _c 13
state_end
state: 12
reduction _epsilon C -> _c C
state_end
state: 13
reduction _epsilon B -> _b B _c
reduction _c B -> _b B _c
state_end
state: 14
state_end
LR_table_end
